---
title: Comparison of Parity Public License 2.0.0 and 3.0.0
from: 2.0.0
to: 3.0.0
layout: diff
---

The Parity Public License <del>2.0.0</del><ins>3.0.0</ins>

Copyright Notice: [name]

Source Notice: [source]

This license lets you use and share this software for free, as long as you <del>release any</del><ins>contribute</ins> software you make with it. Specifically:

If you follow the rules below, you may do everything with this software that would otherwise infringe <ins>either</ins> my copyright in it<del> or</del><ins>,</ins> any patent claim I can license that <del>you would infringe by using</del><ins>covers</ins> this software as of my latest contribution<del>.</del><ins>, or both.</ins>

1. <del>Release</del><ins>Contribute</ins> source code for changes you make to this software.

2. If you run or combine this software with other software in any larger program, <del>release</del><ins>contribute</ins> all source code for that program.

3. <del>Release</del><ins>Contribute</ins> all source code for software <del>that</del> you <del>analyze, change,</del><ins>develop, deploy, monitor,</ins> or <del>otherwise make using</del> <ins>run with</ins> this software.

4. Ensure everyone who gets a copy of this software from you, in source code or any other form, gets the text of this license and the copyright and source notices above.

5. Do not make any legal claim against anyone for infringing any patent claim they would infringe by using this software alone, accusing this software, with or without changes, alone or as part of a larger program.

To <del>release</del><ins>contribute</ins> source code, publish the preferred form for making changes through a freely accessible distribution system widely used for similar source code, and license <del>it</del><ins>contributions not already licensed to the public</ins> on terms <del>at least</del> as permissive as this <del>license. If source code has already been released, you do not have to release it again.</del> <ins>license accordingly.</ins>

You are excused for unknowingly breaking 1, 2, or 3 if you <del>release</del><ins>contribute</ins> source code, or stop doing anything requiring this license, within 30 days of learning you broke the rule.

**This software comes as is, without any warranty at all. As far as the law allows, I will not be liable for any damages related to this software or this license, for any kind of legal claim.**
