---
title: Comparison of Parity Public License 4.0.0 and 5.0.0
from: 4.0.0
to: 5.0.0
layout: diff
---

The Parity Public License <del>4.0.0</del><ins>5.0.0</ins>

<del>Copyright Notice: [name]</del>

<ins>Contributor: [name]</ins>

Source <del>Notice</del><ins>Code</ins>: [source]

This license lets you use and share this software for free, as long as you contribute software you make with it. Specifically:

If you follow the rules below, you may do everything with this software that would otherwise infringe either <del>my</del> <ins>the contributor's</ins> copyright in it, any patent claim <del>I</del> <ins>the contributor</ins> can license that covers this software as of <del>my</del> <ins>the contributor's</ins> latest contribution, or both.

1. Contribute <del>source code for</del> changes you make to this software.

2. If you run or combine this software with other software as part of any larger application, contribute <del>all source code for</del> that application.

3. Contribute <del>all source code for</del> software you develop, deploy, monitor, or run with this software.

4. Ensure everyone who gets a copy of this software from you, in source code or any other form, gets the text of this license and the <del>copyright</del> <ins>contributor</ins> and source <del>notices</del> <ins>code lines</ins> above.

5. Do not make any legal claim against anyone for infringing any patent claim they would infringe by using this software alone, accusing this software, with or without changes, alone or as part of a larger <del>program.</del> <ins>application.</ins>

To contribute <ins>software, publish all its</ins> source code, <del>publish</del> <ins>in</ins> the preferred form for making changes<ins>,</ins> through a freely accessible distribution system widely used for similar source code, and license contributions not already licensed to the public on terms as permissive as this license accordingly.

You are excused for unknowingly breaking 1, 2, or 3 if you contribute <del>source code,</del> <ins>as required,</ins> or stop doing anything requiring this license, within 30 days of learning you broke the rule.

**This software comes as is, without any warranty at all. As far as the law allows, <del>I</del> <ins>the contributor</ins> will not be liable for any damages related to this software or this license, for any kind of legal claim.**
